hey this is worse lights and this is a
tutorial on how to borrow a jet cart so
I'm going to show you quickly what it
looks like
now this is a good way to shuffle cards
and set up a deck they go from red black
red black red black this is a very quick
and fast way it's better than playing
card after card after card and that
takes a long time so let's get to the
tutorial on how to borrow okay so step
one is to get two packets won't call
them packet a and packet D alright one
packet a to be slightly bigger thicker
then packet beat alright that's because
when you Faro you want packet beach
vehicle in it not out it so keep that in
mind so you want it to be kind of packet
a to have three to four cards maybe more
than that compete so keep that in mind
it'll take you a while to long get it
okay so here's your grips this the grips
are very important your pinky goes on
the edge like this it's kind of like the
Biddle grip the thumb goes on the top
like this
your index
middle and third finger on the side like
this okay so that's a good grip
now for the grip
for packet B is this alright now your
thumb this is the same place like packet
a or your index finger from the Crone
over the top like this your middle third
and pinky are on the sides so this is
packet and square back and B's
that's your grips all right
now how we actually follow the cars it's
not that hard it just takes a bit of
practice all right so what you're gonna
do is I see a lot of people whoa what I
did at first was I'm stop the talk I
taught myself how to do this I didn't
look at any tutorials is that first you
might initially think you just place
them back against each other like this
and this push push push and that will
either bent your cards or you get
nothing so what you want to do is get it
but get the corners and touch them like
this
and the corners you want to touch but
the ones where your thumbs are at so
imagine see how my thumb's all right I'm
not going like this I'm going like this
coming to my thumbs
the thumbs are coming together so that's
how you do it so you do that and also
you get package B right here
and if they have been going straight run
tilt it to the side just a little bit
all right
so you touch it to the side just a
little bit and you move red sugar the
edges are connected and you move it back
and forth and with the index finger
you're putting pressure to it okay
making that you'll get a nice even
follow that alright so again let's just
go over it get the packet little get
packet a packet be packet a slightly
thicker and pack it be gents your
position your grips
okay now connect the edges like this I'm
soaked I can be slightly to the side
okay
now connect the edges together like this
and well okay so go back and forth a
little push with your index let me get
that a nice beautiful wave
all right
score that one more time
it's going for the actual file so we're
into the position
we connect the edges snatch it slightly
to the right and start to rub at your
fourth I press return the middle finger
index finger I mean I'm sorry the
backyard for and that will happen
so yeah that's pretty much it on the
Oh
tutorial on you if you have any
questions feel free to ask him yeah